A. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY NOTICES
1. Patent Notices
The Kindle Previewer application and/or methods used in association with the Kindle device may be covered by one or more patents or pending patent applications owned or controlled by Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.
2. Trademark Notices
Amazon, the Amazon logo, and Kindle are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.
3. Copyright Notices
Kindle Previewer software Copyright (c) 2010-2012 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.  All rights reserved.
4. Other Notices
All other brands, product names, company names, trademarks, and service marks are the properties of their respective owners.
B. INFORMATION FOR THOSE WITH COPYRIGHT CONCERNS
Amazon.com, Inc. and its affiliates (“Amazon”) respect the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide Amazon’s copyright agent the written information specified below. Please note that this procedure is exclusively for notifying Amazon that your copyrighted material has been infringed: 
•	An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; 
•	A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed upon; 
•	A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located; 
•	Your address, telephone number, and e-mail address; 
•	A statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
•	A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. 
Amazon's Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached as follows: 

Copyright Agent 
Amazon Legal Department 
P.O. Box 81226 
Seattle, WA 98108 
phone: (206) 266-4064 
fax: (206) 266-7010 
e-mail: copyright@amazon.com

Courier address: 
Copyright Agent 
Amazon Legal Department 
410 Terry Avenue North 
Seattle, WA 98109-5210 
USA
C. NOTICES FOR THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE INCLUDED WITH THE APPLICATION 

1.	libjpeg 6b  

This software is copyright (C) 1991-1998, Thomas G. Lane.  This software is based in part on the work of the Independent JPEG Group.

2.	ZipUtils 1.1.4

Copyright (c) 1990-2007 Info-ZIP. All rights reserved. 

For the purposes of this copyright and license, "Info-ZIP" is defined as the following set of individuals: 

Mark Adler, John Bush, Karl Davis, Harald Denker, Jean-Michel Dubois, Jean-loup Gailly, Hunter Goatley, Ed Gordon, Ian Gorman, Chris Herborth, Dirk Haase, Greg Hartwig, Robert Heath, Jonathan Hudson, Paul Kienitz, David Kirschbaum, Johnny Lee, Onno van der Linden, Igor Mandrichenko, Steve P. Miller, Sergio Monesi, Keith Owens, George Petrov, Greg Roelofs, Kai Uwe Rommel, Steve Salisbury, Dave Smith, Steven M. Schweda, Christian Spieler, Cosmin Truta, Antoine Verheijen, Paul von Behren, Rich Wales, Mike White. 
This software is provided "as is," without warranty of any kind, express or implied. In no event shall Info-ZIP or its contributors be held liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages arising out of the use of or inability to use this software. 

Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject to the above disclaimer and the following restrictions: 

•	Redistributions of source code (in whole or in part) must retain the above copyright notice, definition, disclaimer, and this list of conditions. 
•	Redistributions in binary form (compiled executables and libraries) must reproduce the above copyright notice, definition, disclaimer, and this list of conditions in documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. The sole exception to this condition is redistribution of a standard UnZipSFX binary (including SFXWiz) as part of a self-extracting archive; that is permitted without inclusion of this license, as long as the normal SFX banner has not been removed from the binary or disabled. 
•	Altered versions--including, but not limited to, ports to new operating systems, existing ports with new graphical interfaces, versions with modified or added functionality, and dynamic, shared, or static library versions not from Info-ZIP--must be plainly marked as such and must not be misrepresented as being the original source or, if binaries, compiled from the original source. Such altered versions also must not be misrepresented as being Info-ZIP releases--including, but not limited to, labeling of the altered versions with the names "Info-ZIP" (or any variation thereof, including, but not limited to, different capitalizations), "Pocket UnZip," "WiZ" or "MacZip" without the explicit permission of Info-ZIP. Such altered versions are further prohibited from misrepresentative use of the Zip-Bugs or Info-ZIP e-mail addresses or the Info-ZIP URL(s), such as to imply Info-ZIP will provide support for the altered versions. 
•	Info-ZIP retains the right to use the names "Info-ZIP," "Zip," "UnZip," "UnZipSFX," "WiZ," "Pocket UnZip," "Pocket Zip," and "MacZip" for its own source and binary releases.
